I got raped.
Rape is a four letter menace that has had traumatic presence etched in the societies of the world since time immemorial. It's a very bad thing to happen to someone but one should not feel briken after becoming a victim. The more strong you are, the more respect you have.
Does my clothes make me victim?
Rape is a crime of oppurtunity. Studies shows that, rapists choose their victims on their vulnerability not on how they dress up.
I don't want to talk about it.
Hiding feelings only adds to the feelings of shame. Although it is scary to open up, it will set you free.
I feel vulnerable.
It's important to realize that you have lot's of power and strenght and a lot to give to the society. Help other, donate blood, raise awarness, volunteer your time. It will make you full of life.
I feel broken.
It's important to realize that you have lot's of power and strenght and a lot to give to the society. Help other, donate blood, raise awarness, volunteer your time. It will make you full of life.
I feel down.
It's important to realize that you have lot's of power and strenght and a lot to give to the society. Help other, donate blood, raise awarness, volunteer your time. It will make you full of life.
I feel powerless.
It's important to realize that you have lot's of power and strenght and a lot to give to the society. Help other, donate blood, raise awarness, volunteer your time. It will make you full of life.
I want to die.
This is certainly not an option. Weak people do that. Without thinking about about this, you should stand up and fight for justice, for you and for other victims. Most importantly, think of your parents and others who love you more than anything. Suicide does not fix anything, it only adds pain.
I am suicidal.
This is certainly not an option. Weak people do that. Without thinking about about this, you should stand up and fight for justice, for you and for other victims. Most importantly, think of your parents and others who love you more than anything. Suicide does not fix anything, it only adds pain.
I want suicide.
This is certainly not an option. Weak people do that. Without thinking about about this, you should stand up and fight for justice, for you and for other victims. Most importantly, think of your parents and others who love you more than anything. Suicide does not fix anything, it only adds pain.
I cant show my face in the society.
If you are a victim of rape, there is nothing to be ashamed of. I does not take away your dignity. It's just a crime like other ones. Its the rapist whose dignity should be taken. Stay strong.
I cant stop thinking about that.
Enjoy your time, spend more time with family members and friends, you will surely feel good.
My life is finished.
A incident like rape cannot step in the path of your success. Stay strong, fight for justice and live a normal. You are the same person as before.
I am being molested.
Call 999.
I am being teased.
Call 999.
Some guys are disturbing me.
Call 999.
Help me.
Dial 999.
It was nice talking to you.
Pleasure is mine.
I feeling ill.
Please consult a doctor asap. 